Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 11]
Hello. I'll be working on the
Strategic Planning team with you.
My name is Kim Ki Sub.
I am a one-year contract employee,
but I promise to work hard.
Think of me as the rookie.
Work me as hard as you like.
Let's work well together.
Bravo.
What is it?
What happened, Hyuk?
A former cleaner now has a one-year
contract in Strategic Planning?
What did you do?
Are you curious, my friend?
I'll give you a reward,
so tell me if you want something.
A reward?
So, I thought about it.
I think this is the one.
Let's go with a luxury car.
Should I get a fast sports car?
Wow!
Yeah...
This is really nice.
Should I get a home with a great view?
We can sign the contract right away?
Cash could be the most useful.
However, I am Byun Hyuk.
I did decide to be revolutionary,
just like my name.
They were the hidden workers
behind that commendation.
Hire them onto the management team
as experienced employees.
So, the chairman allowed that?
Yes!
How come only Mister Kim got a job?
Only one person would
pass to get hired here.
They all pitched in and it would
be unfair to choose just him.
Do I run a soup kitchen
where I have distribute fairly?
A company only hires
the people they need.
- Father.
- What, kid?
Father.
Suppose you all did
the same work and made a pie.
Then they all left you out
and ate the pie.
Would you feel good or bad?
Oh yeah? Then, I'll be fair...
and not hire anyone.
No, please don't do that. Thank you.
There you go.
Ki Sub, wait up.
Come along.
Good work today.
Oh, what do I do?
Pie...
Gosh.
Honey, I'm home.
Have you had dinner?
I told you to eat.
Should I give you your meal?
Did you have a good day today, Mother?
Where's the tutoring academy
money for the kids?
Sorry.
The rent for my room went up this month.
I don't even expect child support.
At least, you should give me money
for the tutoring academy.
I'll send it soon.
Are the kids doing well?
Can you put Eun Ji on the phone?
Hi, Dad. Are you doing well?
Of course, your dad's doing great.
Dad, when are you coming to see me?
Oh, my youngest daughter,
I'll go see you this weekend.
Don't bother coming.
Just send the money.
This is the right place.
Mister Byun.
Mister!
What did you just say?
It's not a full-time job.
It's a one-year contract.
You'd be an employee without rank.
Would that be all right?
I would do it. Of course, I would.
But... we all did it together.
Is it okay for me to go in alone?
Of course, it's okay.
Mister Lee.
We're a little late, right?
Wait. How did you all know to come?
I contacted them.
I recommended all three of you,
but only Mister Kim got hired.
I'm sorry to the two of you.
There's no need to say such a thing.
No need to be sorry.
You're a master of PR and marketing,
so of course they'd hire you.
Madam Ahn and I wouldn't be applicable.
We understand, okay?
Even if things go well
for one of us, that's great.
I really want to
congratulate you, Mister Kim.
Come on now.
Since we're here to congratulate you,
let's have a celebratory drink.
To the brother we love...
we truly congratulate you
on getting a job again.
Thank you, everyone.
I really am thankful.
- Cheers!
- Congratulations!
Congratulations!
See you at work tomorrow.
And that's what happened.
What do you think?
Aren't I kind of cool, huh?
No.
No? You said no?
- Not at all?
- Not at all.
You seemed to be deluding yourself,
thinking you did something great...
He's not delusional. It was great.
Good job, Byun Hyuk. It's very cool.
Right, Joon?
Don't you think this is irrational?
You have to be irrational
every now and then in life.
Also, it's not Hyuk's style
to play it safe.
Of course! A company where
a person who retired can return.
It's nice.
If Mister Kim succeeds,
then it can open the path for others.
With the years of experience he has,
I'm sure he'll do a good job.
He's been retired
for more than five years.
It's been a long time and he's lost
his touch, so can he really do well?
Do you really think he'll be
so happy to be back?
Let's work well together, Ms. Sang Hee.
Here you go.
Let's work well together.
Let's work well together,
Section Chief Yang.
Thank you.
Yes... oh, oh.
Here you go.
Let's work well together,
Section Chief Kwon.
Let's work well together, Ms. Hyun Joo.
Thank you.
Let's work well together,
Mister Yong Joon.
Mister Byun Hyuk.
Mister, there's no need for this.
Still, I am the rookie here.
I should do what's expected.
Hey, Mister Byun Hyuk.
Call him by his proper title.
Section Chief Yang is correct.
You can call me Mister Kim Ki Sub.
Still, I don't want to
call him by his name...
Can't I just call him my junior?
Junior Kim.
That's not bad... Sir.
Senior Byun.
- Junior Kim.
- Senior Byun.
Just don't look.
What should I wear to look good?
Mom, are you going somewhere?
Se Na, what should I wear
to look elegant and intelligent?
No, maybe I should go for
an independent image.
I feel like she might like that.
You have to look good for someone?
Who is it, anyway? Tell me.
Just someone who's
independent and intelligent.
Madam, she's coming.
Where? Where, where?
From over there.
Stay here, Driver Kwon.
All right.
Excuse me. Excuse me... I, I...
Oh my. Hey, hey, hey!
Me?
Oh! Goodness.
Oh my!
What is this?
Hey, you jerk! Do you want to die!
We almost got hurt!
Gosh, that was dangerous.
Oh, you're so tough.
Are you all right? Are you hurt at all?
Oh, I'm okay.
I'm safe, thanks to you.
How about you? Are you hurt?
I'll be fine.
What will you do?
Your clothes are all wet.
I know, and I spent
so much time picking this out.
Goodness.
My place happens to be up there.
Would you like to come
and dry your clothes?
- Really?
- Yes, if that's okay with you.
It's okay with me. It's very okay.
You must be cold.
Oh, it's cold... so cold.
- We're almost there.
- Really?
It's here. Come on up.
Ah, yes.
- So cold.
- Mom!
Joon, you're home?
Who...
- Just up front...
- Oh, is this your mother?
Yes.
Oh, hello.
Yes, hello. Who are you?
Oh, my son lives here
on the second floor.
- The second floor?
- Yes.
Oh my, oh my!
That young man who works at Gangsu Group?
Yes, he's my son.
So, Hyuk's mother?
I was wondering who raised
such a great son and it was you.
He's tall, handsome, and smart.
Yes, yes.
He's already a section chief at that age.
You must be so happy.
What? A... a section chief?
Mom, not Kwon Jae Hoon.
She's here for Hyuk.
Now that you mention it,
you must be worried lately.
Someone has latched onto
your son like a bed bug lately.
A bed bug? What do you mean?
Hold on.
You didn't know? Oh, you didn't.
A friend latched onto Jae Hoon
like a bed bug not too long ago.
A very annoying friend
seems to have moved in.
His name is... I think it was Hyuk.
Right, Joon?
That young bed bug man is Byun Hyuk.
[Bed bug]
Huh? My Hyuk is a bed bug?
You must be cold.
You should get inside over there.
Bed bug? A bed bug...
Make sure that the bedbug is paying his
share of expenses since you're here.
It seems like he's even
eating your son's food.
Stop it.
Why?
Please look into it.
One has to make good friends.
Forget it. You're wrong.
I'm sorry.
My mom didn't really know
and made a mistake.
I'm sorry too for
not telling you who I was.
She may be surprised once she knows,
so keep it a secret from your mom.
Okay.
Still, a bed bug...
It's a little shocking.
- I'll call Hyuk to see when he's coming.
- No.
I didn't come to see Hyuk.
What?
I came to see you.
Baek Joon, right?
Yes.
I'm not good at talking in circles,
so I'll get to the point.
Miss, what's your relationship
with my Hyuk?
We're just friends.
Come on, not the diplomatic answer,
but your real relationship.
What have you two promised each other?
We really are just friends.
Hyuk and I haven't promised
each other anything either.
Why not? What's with my Hyuk?
Does he not satisfy you?
Is it his lack of education?
Or because he gets into trouble?
No, it's not that.
Hey, he might've been investigated
by the police, but he has no record.
Also, he went through
a traumatic event in high school.
He had trouble after that.
He studied very well before that.
He is not a bed bug at all.
Hyuk doesn't have that
kind of image at all.
Yes, I know that.
What kind image has Hyuk
been making for himself?
Seriously, so annoying.
What is this?
Oh, what is this?
It would help to increase the chart.
What? Oh, sure.
I'll take care of it.
Yes, okay.
I think there's an error
in the market research here.
What's wrong with it?
It needs a seasonal analysis.
Alcohol is a product that's
sensitive to weather and seasons.
Excuse me.
I've got this, so please
just focus on your own work.
Oh... I should.
I suppose I should know my place.
I'm sorry.
Hey, attention, everyone.
Pay attention.
We got one of the projects from
the food service department.
We need to make a proposal for
the school lunches this week.
School lunch proposal?
These will be submitted into the system
and there will be a bid for the contract.
Everyone needs to focus.
Section Chief Kwon,
I want you to do one.
Manager Kim and Sang Hyun,
do one each and give it to me.
- Yes, I understand.
Section Chief Yang!
Should Junior Kim and I do one too?
No, don't do it.
You always try to butt in
when you don't know what it is.
Do I?
Why don't you try it, Mister Kim Ki Sub?
What?
Yes, I'll put in
my best effort and do so.
Byun Hyuk, you follow me.
I want to try making a proposal too.
You can't even use Excel properly.
- Don't complain and follow me.
- Okay.
Where are we going so late anyway?
Section Chief Yang!
Bounce with me, bounce with me.
Bounce with me, bounce.
How can you suddenly ask us
to lower our unit price?
Are you asking us to die,
Section Chief Yang?
I'm just saying take in a smaller margin.
I keep getting orders from my bosses.
What can I do about it? Nothing.
I...
We have a good relationship
though, don't we?
Please save me this once.
Oh, don't do this. Stop it.
Oh goodness.
You were supposed to
lower unit prices by two percent.
I guess we'll have to
go with one percent.
You're driving me insane.
I just can't win with you.
Thank you, Section Chief Yang.
You're all I have.
Why don't you come
have a drink too, Intern?
Have a drink? I'll pour you a drink.
Have a drink. Have a drink.
Oh my. Let's work well together.
Here. Drink up.
You saw that, right?
You push and pull
depending on the situation.
This is the beauty of negotiating.
It didn't look like negotiating,
but more like bullying him out of money.
You only intended to lower it
by one percent to begin with.
Hey, that's all a skill.
I'm happy to achieve my goal.
The subcontractor is happy to think
they got a discount on the decrease.
You get your cake and eat it too.
Everyone is happy.
Ah, I see.
Section Chief Yang, you really
are a powerful member our team.
A powerful member?
You really do know
what you're talking about.
So, you should learn from me.
I'm not saying this because
you're the owner's son.
If you follow a boss like me,
it will help you manage the company.
Is that right?
I will specially mentor you,
so learn well from me.
Ah, it's cold.
Driver Kwon, it must be nice
to have raised such a good son.
Pardon?
He's tall, handsome, and even smart.
Oh my. It's not like I raised him.
He grew up on his own.
He may be my child,
but I didn't do anything for Jae Hoon.
Joon... Joon!
Did you work late?
Are you going out to do
designated driving?
I wish you would stop.
Our Joon, I worry that
you'll get into a car accident.
What's this?
Did you drink?
Yes, a little bit.
Oh, your mom came a while ago.
- Mom? Whose mom?
- Your mom.
- My mom?
- Yes.
My mom?
Oh. Oh my, oh my!
How can kimchi taste like this?
Yum! Oh my goodness.
Oh, it is so delicious.
Yes, Hyuk.
Mom, you met Joon?
Yes, I did.
Mom, you didn't even tell me beforehand.
How can you meet her on your own
and make her feel taken aback?
So, what did you think of her?
She's great, right? Awesome, right?
I thought she'd be great.
What? You didn't like her, Mom?
Now, that I met her in person...
she is just really, really great.
She's so great.
Right? I knew you would like her too.
But, Hyuk... you need to
get your act together now.
Why?
It seems that Joon's mom
has her heart set on Jae Hoon.
What? Joon's mom?
My mom? What about my mom?
She says the kimchi is so good.
She says thank you.
Oh, I was wondering what it was.
Okay, let's hang up and talk later.
Okay. Go get 'em, Hyuk!
All right. Love you. Bye.
Joon's mom and Jae Hoon?
Is that so?
Please take a look, Section Chief Kwon.
The unit cost is too high.
You need to lower it.
Because it's food for children
I felt it was best to use organic
products, even if it costs more.
Who doesn't know that
organic products are good?
Isn't the important thing whether
we can get win the contract or not?
Yes.
Do it again.
All right.
You have Hyuk's tailbone
stuck in your back.
You know that, right?
You will have to show with your
own skill why you should stay here.
Otherwise...
it won't just be you in an
awkward position, but Hyuk as well.
Hold on to me.
Wait a moment.
There you go.
What am I to do?
- Who is it?
- Your neighbor.
What is it?
Rice cakes for moving in.
What? Rice cakes for moving in?
At this hour?
You moved in a while ago.
Your timing for distributing
rice cakes is a little odd.
- This is what the rooftop looks like.
- What?
What's your relationship with
the men on the second floor?
How long have you known them?
What are you doing right now?
Sorry, it's a habit of my job.
Anyway, I'll enjoy
the rice cakes, T-1000.
You must enjoy being tall,
handsome, and so smart.
What are you saying?
Since when were you such
a favorite of Joon's mom?
What are you referring to now?
Who could that be at this hour?
Is it Joon? Joon!
Is that you, Joon?
T-1000.
What is it? What's going on?
These are rice cakes for my move-in.
Rice cakes?
Wow, you just opened up
the entire floor here.
Do you own it?
Do you have a deposit on it
or is it just a monthly rent?
What is this?
Monthly rent would be very expensive.
How long have you two
been living together?
Since that incident?
I feel like we're being
interrogated here.
Sorry, it's a habit with my job.
Why don't you be honest?
Why did you move here?
Do I need a reason to move anywhere?
You move if you like the place.
You want me to believe
that it's just a coincidence?
It seems you're uncomfortable living
in the same building as me.
Honestly, it is bothersome.
Why does it bother you?
Do you feel guilty about something?
There's nothing like that.
That's a relief to hear.
This is good!
I brought it from
my aunt's rice cake shop.
Oh, she must be very skilled.
It's been open for 30 years.
No wonder the taste has depth, 30 years.
If you have no further business,
please leave.
Yes, then.
By the way...
I caught one of the
most wanted criminals not too long ago.
So, I got a special promotion.
I could choose the department
I wanted when I got promoted.
I transferred to the
financial crimes team.
Bye, then.
Must be a good place,
the financial crimes team.
What is that?
You don't need to know.
Eat your rice cakes.
Yum. It's good.
[DF Ver] E11 Revolutionary Love
-= Ruo Xi =-
I went in to clean the restroom and
he was wiping blood from his nose.
I think he stayed at work all night.
He had a nosebleed in the morning
and it was no joke.
Are you kidding around?
Barely anything has changed
since yesterday.
I am discussing things
with the suppliers.
Without even a estimated figure in mind,
how can you talk to the suppliers?
Will that help you with the unit cost?
Still, these are
school lunches for children.
Do it again.
Hey, Jae Hoon.
Call me by my proper title,
Mister Byun Hyuk.
I mean, Section Chief Kwon.
Aren't you being too tough
on Junior Kim?
How am I being tough?
Junior Kim spent all night on it.
Can't you see he's trying
to get the unit cost right?
He's not the only one
who works all night.
Everyone on our team works late and
has spent all night working before.
Are you asking for special treatment
because you placed him there?
Are you sure you're not seeing him
differently because of that?
He is an experienced employee.
What good is that?
He's an idealist who doesn't
suit the current reality.
People like that cannot succeed.
That's why he got pushed out of
his previous company so quickly.
So, all idealists have to get pushed out?
- What?
- They're not items you use.
Isn't it wrong to
treat people like products?
It's like Joon's dad.
The revival of a retired man.
Is that what you wanted to show Joon?
Then wake up from your dream,
Mister Byun Hyuk.
A company is not
that kind of an organization.
Especially not Gangsu Group
run by CEO Byun Gang Su.
Oh no.
I'm not trying to get you
to lower your prices.
It's just that these foods would
be used in lunches for children.
Hello? Hello?
Didn't even listen to me.
Hello, I'm calling from the
Strategic Planning team at Gangsu Group.
You know the dumplings
that you supply for us?
I'm calling to see if we could
adjust the unit cost of them.
Wait. Please don't hang up. Hello?
May we sit down with you?
Yes, hurry up and sit down.
I get to sit down and have a meal
with someone in a tie.
It is a great honor.
Don't say such nonsense.
How is work lately?
I'm just getting used to it.
Let me take a look.
Spicy rice cakes, 3,000 won.
Sauce, 1,900 won.
Ki Sub, the unit costs
are too high on this proposal.
It was because it's food for children.
I wanted to use high quality products.
You can't negotiate prices
over the phone.
You have to go look them
in the face and do it.
Yes, but it's not just one place.
It's a bit much to do on my own...
- Why are you alone, Mister?
- Huh?
What are you all doing this weekend?
Should get some country air?
Sounds good.
Well, I'm busy, so... I'm in.
Hey.
Today, we're meeting
a food product company.
If things go well with this person,
we can lower costs of our products.
Oh, you're already here.
Section Chief Yang.
It's an honor to drink
with you here. Thank you.
CEO Min?
Oh, Third Generation.
It's been a long time.
It's nice to see you.
Please sit down. Sit down.
Section Chief Yang, what's going on?
He's the CEO of the company.
Is something wrong?
Yes, something is wrong.
Come on, Mister Byun Hyuk.
Let's forget our bad past.
I may have closed down
the cleaning business.
But I have no grudges.
Come and sit down.
Why aren't you sitting down?
We need to make a deal on the price.
Come on.
All right, let's forget about our past.
Let's just think about work.
Section Chief Yang,
please have a drink.
Thank you very much.
Mister Byun Hyuk.
Here you are...
Cheers, everyone. Cheers!
Cheers!
Something feels very wrong.
[Kim Ki Sub]
Hyuk.
Oh... it's Joon.
Joon.
What? Did you drink again?
I did drink.
If you placed Mister Kim in that job,
you should take responsibility and help.
You've just been drinking instead?
But, Joon... they say this is work too.
Who said that?
Section Chief Yang.
So, I'm doing my best right now.
I'm learning how Gangsu Foods
runs right now.
You look tired. Go in and sleep.
What... what are you doing?
I'm going now.
I missed you all day, Joon.
Though you may not have felt the same.
It needs to be submitted tomorrow.
How is it coming along?
I think I should be able to lower
the costs of organic by five percent.
You're insisting on organic
until the end?
The trend with school lunches is organic.
So, if Gangsu Foods can match
their foods to the trend.
- I am sure that we can win.
- Stop.
- Excuse me.
- Don't hold on to a failure.
Make a proposal with regular food
products and submit it.
Section Chief Kwon.
Do as I say.
But, wait...
Jae Hoon, when did you get here?
Hey, why are sleeping
in a place like this?
I must've been really tired.
Go to a break room and sleep
properly if you're tired.
Why's he getting mad?
Oh, I slept well.
We're here!
Come on in.
It's nice to see you.
The best thing for a hangover
is more drinking.
CEO Min again?
What is this, Section Chief Yang?
We already agreed on prices
with him last night.
Yesterday, that was food products.
Today, we're going to
deal with food containers.
Containers?
Just sit down.
Are you going to stand all day?
All right. Sit down.
Please sit down.
CEO Min also owns
a food container company.
How many companies do you own?
Oh, not that many.
I have a food product
and container company.
Ah, I also have a company
that sells wrapping material.
This is why I have to talk to CEO Min.
If there's a bad proposal
for the school lunches
I can resolve it all in one go
when I'm with CEO Min.
Oh, please.
I'm only able to make a living
because of Gangsu Foods.
CEO Min.
I'm eating and living well
all thanks to you.
Is that right?
Have another drink.
It's strange, just as I thought.
Now, things are very strange.
Where is Mister Kim Ki Sub?
He said he would go to the
suppliers himself to talk.
So, he left.
Talk to them himself?
How can you ask that of me?
What am I supposed to live off of?
Still, if you do this for us,
I'll return the favor one day.
What am I supposed to eat then?
Get going.
I have nothing more to say.
I said, just go.
Oh my. Please have one of these.
Ma'am, have one.
Sir, here's one for you.
Oh, just give that to me. I'll do it.
Have this and just rest.
Oh, yes. Talks are going well.
How are things with you?
Things aren't going so well for us.
No, I decided to go
to the chicken factory.
Mister Kim is going to
stay at the pig farm.
Oh, Joon you must be so tired.
Don't worry, Madam Ahn.
I am just fine.
Yes, let's talk again.
Baek Joon?
She already left with
Mister Lee and Madam Ahn.
They must have something to do.
They switched with the
evening shift employees and left.
Ah... is that right?
- Thank you.
- Ki Sub, the cabbage farm went well.
- Okay.
The pig farm is an "okay" too.
That's weird. Joon is not picking up.
She's not picking up?
Hm? What?
Why is the battery running out now?
What time is it?
[Store]
Excuse me.
Do you need something?
Grandma, the last bus time has passed,
but it's not coming.
Oh, the schedule has changed.
What?
The schedule there
is the summer schedule.
The bus stops running
a little earlier in the winter.
What do I do?
Grandma, I'm sorry,
but could you lend me your phone?
Thank you.
Our glasses clink together.
Cheers, cheers, cheers!
You said you couldn't give me your heart.
You said you could not love me.
Lonely, I look out the window.
Drip, drip, drip, drip.
So old fashioned.
This caller is unavailable to take...
This is Kwon Jae Hoon.
Oh, Jae Hoon.
Why isn't he coming?
Jae Hoon.
Sorry. Thanks for coming.
It's cold. Get in the car.
I didn't know that
the last bus time had changed.
The old lady had to close the store
and my battery ran out.
Do you have to get involved like this?
I guess so.
Mister Kim said this.
When it comes to school lunches,
it's the same for rich or poor kids.
So, he wanted to give them the best food.
He felt like he could be proud
in front of his kids.
It will be hard for it to pass anyway.
Kwon Jae Hoon.
What is it that you think
your company makes?
It's not just some item.
It's food.
Don't only think about
competition of prices.
Shouldn't you approach it
from a different perspective?
The work that you do...
Mister Kim wanted to help you beat
Section Chief Yang, no matter what.
That's why everyone worked so hard.
Oh my. Let's go, let's go.
Get going!
- Hm?
- Huh?
It was acting up before so I fixed it.
Why is it doing this again?
It's not broken, is it?
Joon! Are you sleeping, Joon?
Let's have a beer if you're not!
Joon!
Joon.
Where did she go?
Is she already out driving?
Jae Hoon!
My friend.
(In French)
My friend...
(In Japanese)
Why isn't Jae Hoon coming in
when it's so late?
Is he working late?
[Mister Kim]
Yes, Mister Kim.
Oh, I mean...
Hello, Junior Kim.
Yes? Joon?
What? Joon?
Yes, it's me. What?
Jae Hoon, there's a problem!
Mister Kim called me saying
they can't reach Joon.
She's with me right now.
Yes, so you and Joon are...
What? You're with her?
Yes, we're together. We'll be late.
You'll be late? Why?
Where are you two right now?
You don't need to know.
Don't wait up and go to bed.
What's wrong with the car?
The engine is not starting.
[Twisted Doughnut Jae Hoon]
He's with Joon?
They'll be late?
Don't wait up, and sleep?
What does all of this mean?
- Joon.
- Hm?
Since we're together tonight...
let's go home late.
Should we?
You did tell Hyuk not to wait up
and go to bed.
He must understand what that means.
I'm sure he does.
Hoon.
Joon.
No!
Don't do that!
Don't imagine such a terrible thing.
This is Jae Hoon.
This is Joon, Hyuk.
Hey, you uptight jerk.
You are so immature.
You are so twisted.
You're a jerk, Twisted Doughnut.
That's more like it.
With Jae Hoon and Joon,
that's how it would play out.
Yes, yes.
Hyuk, you'd better get it together.
He's handsome, tall,
and a section chief at that age.
Do you know how much
Joon's mom likes him?
Don't ever let your
guard down with Jae Hoon.
Son, you need to be alert.
No, no!
That tall and handsome rascal.
What should I do now?
What do I do? No.
No, no, no, no, no!
Please sign here.
Hey, why are sleeping
in a place like this?
I must've been really tired.
What am I doing to a sleeping person?
No, no. What if something happens?
What if they don't come back today?
No, no.
Don't think about anything.
Just late.
No... they're just late.
Just...
What are you doing here?
It's nothing.
Okay.
Actually, Joon and Jae Hoon...
What? Jae Hoon? What about him?
Huh? What?
Just say it? What?
Use your words... your words.
Kwon Jae Hoon.
What is it that you think
your company makes?
It's not just some item.
It's food.
Don't only think about
competition of prices.
Shouldn't you approach it
from a different perspective?
The work that you do...
Is it morning?
It is morning.
Have this.
Thank you.
You don't have one for me?
Sorry, I only have one.
Bye, now.
Oh.
Oh, Joon!
Huh?
What are you two
doing here in the morning?
Joon, did nothing happen?
Like what?
Joon.
Come see me for a bit.
Jae Hoon!
Jae Hoon... Jae Hoon!
Jae Hoon, Jae Hoon...
Hey, what happened to you two?
What were you doing
with Kwon Jae Hoon until now?
His car broke and we had
to fix it on the way here.
Jae Hoon suffered because of me.
Was that really it?
What were you imagining?
Kwon Jae Hoon and I just friends.
That's all, right?
What could happen
when you're just friends?
Right, Jae Hoon?
Imagine whatever you want.
What?
No, no. I'm not going
to imagine anything.
I won't imagine a thing, friend.
Aren't you going to work?
What's with that expression?
Jae Hoon, Jae Hoon!
Sorry, I decreased it as much as I could.
That's fine.
What?
Submit this.
You made this for me to submit?
If you don't like it, Section Chief Yang,
I'll submit it myself.
Hey, you...
All right, let's suppose that you do.
How can the company decrease
our margin by one percent?
That doesn't make sense. Forget it.
We'll submit Manager Kim's,
so you can stay out of it.
Why? Don't you have confidence?
What? Hey, you punk...
What do you mean by that?
Why do you have so much confidence
in this proposal to keep pushing it?
Whether it passes or not,
I want to show that it is possible.
That's right.
The final decision will be
made by people above us.
Ah, yes. Do whatever you want, then.
I will, then.
Do whatever you want.
Mister.
I looked at both of
the proposals you submitted.
We'll go with this one.
I'm sorry, Managing Director Seol.
We submitted two and caused confusion.
- Not yours.
- Pardon me?
Section Chief Kwon, I chose yours.
The company can give up some margin.
In the long run,
I think we will profit.
It was a fresh idea
that's following the trend.
Good job, Section Chief Kwon.
Why aren't you taking it?
The person who prepared that
proposal is someone else.
Mister Kim Ki Sub, come see me.
Ah, yes.
Your proposal was chosen.
Go ahead with your plan.
What?
Really?
Thank you, Section Chief Kwon.
- Thank you so much.
- Yes!
Oh, yes!
Yes, yes, yes!
Kim Ki Sub, Kim Ki Sub.
Good luck, Kim Ki Sub!
What are you thinking anyway?
About what?
I'm curious about what you're thinking
in bringing Kim Ki Sub onto our team.
Tell me. What is it?
I just wanted to see
if it was possible or not.
To see if it was a picture
that could be drawn or not.
What is this picture
you want to draw, anyway?
A world where you can win.
Eun Ji's mom, it's me.
What is this money, suddenly?
To tell you the truth, I got a job.
I'm on the Strategic Planning team
at Gangsu Foods.
I'm not a full-time employee,
but I have a contract position.
Dad, then you're not working
construction anymore?
Of course not.
Dad is working in an office now.
Wow, then can I attend math academy?
Dad, piano for me.
Of course, you girls can do all of that.
I'll send you to all the places
you girls want to attend.
All right.
Also, a place where
people like Mister Kim...
and my friends like Joon can win.
Here.
The pictures turned out well.
Thank you.
Do you think that's possible?
Maybe.
Maybe, my friend.
Subtitles by DramaFever